New rewards docs & Staking guides (#237)
onflow/flow: docs/content/support/flow-port/staking-guide.mdx

---
title: Flow Port Staking Guide
---

This guide provides step-by-step instructions for using the Flow Port to stake your FLOW tokens and start eraning rewards.
Currently, Flow Port only supports staking or delegating using tokens held in Blocto or Ledger wallets.

## First Step

> Within Flow Port, navigate to the ‘Stake & Delegate’ page to see details about your existing stake and/or delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within Flow Port, navigate to the ‘Stake & Delegate’ page to see details about your existing staked and/or delegated tokens.
```

> This will also show you the rewards you have earned for your stake/delegate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will also show you the rewards you have earned for your staked/delegated tokens.
```
